Documentation updates regarding SeAT 4.0.x (#95)
eveseat/docs: docs/user_guides/moons_reporter.md

![SeAT](https://i.imgur.com/aPPOxSK.png)

# Moons Reporter

> Since SeAT 4.0, a new tool is appear to assist you in your moon management task by leveraging your intelligence desk.
> Like your old google/excel sheet, it will gather all your intel related to moon probing.
> It provides a centralized and convenient way to store reports and make search in them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduced in SeAT 4.0, a new tool is available to assist you in your moon management task by leveraging your intelligence desk.
Like your old google/excel sheet, it will gather all your intel related to moon probing.
It provides a centralized and convenient way to store reports and search through them.
```

> Of course, like other modules, you are able to restrict its usage using ACL by choosing who can view it and/or importing reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course, like other modules, you are able to restrict its usage using ACL by choosing who can view it and/or import reports.
```

![Moons Reporter](../img/moons_reporter.png)

## Importing reports

![Importing a report](../img/moons_reporter_import.png)

> Seeding an intelligence database is usually a really long task. The Moons Reporter is simplifying the process as most as possible by asking your raw moon report collected by the in-game moon probing interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seeding an intelligence database is usually a really long task. The Moons Reporter simplifies the process as much as possible by accepting your raw moon report collected by the in-game moon probing interface.
```

You are able to provide multiple rank into the rank filter (like ubiquitous, common, uncommon, rare and exceptional).
When you are using this filter, only moon which contain all criteria will be displayed.
For example, if you are searching for a moon which contain common and uncommon materials, simply select both criteria.

Like rank filter, the produces filter is allowing you to track for moons containing multiple materials.
As an example, you can search for moons producing both Vanadium and Cobalt.

To make a search, once you put your criteria, use the search button.

## Moon Information

### Moon Metadata

Main pane (3) is showing you the list of all probed moons. You'll get quick intel on them with indicator and sovereignty columns.
However, in case you want more information regarding a moon, you can click on the eye button which will show you the moon card.

Displayed sovereignty depends on public in-game collected intel regarding systems. Those data are updated once a day - after down-time.

### Moon Card

![Moon Details](../img/moons_reporter_details.png)

> You are able to access details regarding a moon, simple by clicking on the eye button, located into the action column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are able to access details regarding a moon, simple by clicking on the eye button, located in the action column.
```
